Calculate and set default for `number_of_routing_shards` (#16042)
crate/crate: docs/general/ddl/alter-table.rst

Increase the number of shards
.............................

To be able to increase the number of shards of a table, a correct value for the
the :ref:`number_of_routing_shards <sql-create-table-number-of-routing-shards>`
setting must be set during table creation. If the setting is not explicitly
defined, a default value is calculated and set implicitly. For such tables the
shards can be increased by a factor that depends on this setting. For example, a
table with 5 primary shards, with ``number_of_routing_shards`` set to 20 can be
changed to have either 10 or 20 shards. (5 x 2 (x 2)) = 20 or (5 x 4) = 20. If

> the table consists of only one primary shard, then its shards can be to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the table consists of only one primary shard, then the shard number can be changed to an
```
